update docs - 2 new SAML properties added (#136991)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/security-settings.md

`idp.metadata.http.fail_on_error`
:   ([Static](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#static-cluster-setting)) If set to `true`, the realm will fail on startup (and prevent the node from starting) if it attempts to load metadata over HTTPS and that metadata is not available. If set to `false` (the default), the node will start but the affected SAML realm will not support user authentication until the metadata can be successfully loaded. This setting is ignored if metadata is loaded from a file.

`idp.metadata.http.connect_timeout` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on Elastic Cloud Hosted")

> :   ([Static](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#static-cluster-setting)) Controls the behavior of the http client that is used for fetching the SAML 2.0 metadata file from a remote URL. Specifies the timeout until a connection is established.  A value of zero means the timeout is not used. Defaults to `5s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   ([Static](docs-content://deploy-manage/stack-settings.md#static-cluster-setting)) Controls the behavior of the HTTP client that is used for fetching the SAML 2.0 metadata file from a remote URL. Specifies the maximum time the client waits for a connection to be established. A value of zero means the timeout is not used. Defaults to `5s`.
```
